[EDU-2721] Adjust WWD journey content (#361)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/work-with-domains/configure-domains.mdx

With [Domains](/en/documentation/products/edge-application/domains/), Azion provides a free domain address in the format `xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net`. When users access your application through this Azion domain, the nearest node within the edge network fetches and delivers the edge application.

---

## Create a domain with Azion

### Via RTM

When you create an application [using a template](/en/documentation/products/start-with-a-template/) or [via CLI](/en/documentation/products/build/develop-with-azion/cli/), your application is automatically associated with an Azion domain. To create a new domain:

1. [Access RTM](https://manager.azion.com).
2. On the upper-left corner of the page, open the **Products menu**, represented by three horizontal lines, and then select **Domain**.
3. Click the **Add Domain** button.
4. Give your domain a name.
5. In **Edge Certificate**, select the **Azion SAN** certificate.
6. In **Edge Application**, select your edge application.
7. In the **CNAME** field, you may list [custom domain](#link-a-custom-domain-to-your-application) addresses to link to your application.

> 8. Disable the **CNAME access only switch**. This will enable users to access your application using the `xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net` address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Disable the **CNAME access only switch**. This'll enable users to access your application using the `xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net` address.
```

9. Click the **Save** button.

> Wait some minutes for your new domain to propagate to the edge nodes and access your `xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net` address to see your edge application online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait a few minutes for your new domain to propagate to the edge nodes and access your `xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net` address to see your edge application online.
```
